-----------------------------
A-5 Static Single Assignment
-----------------------------

        Now, we are  going to take a  look at the Static  Single Assignment form
        that GCC uses later during optimization.  In SSA form, each variable may
        be assigned at most once. Also,  exactly one assignment of each variable
Questions and Answers
----------------------

        1   Do you notice that each usage of local variable as an operand uses a
            suffix that can be tracked to it's assignment? Why do some variables
            have a suffix `(D)'?
	Ans.	  A variable is nothing but a name given to a storage area that 
	    our programs can manipulate. Each variable in C has a specific type, 
	    which determines the size and layout of the variable's memory. If we
	    go through the GIMPLE file we noticed that the variable used 'd_3' instead 
	    of d(which is actual variable decalred in C program), because we can used "d"
	    for further temporary variable with local scope if needed in other blocks of 
	    code. Due to this usage of various variables handled efficentaly and effectively.
	    This is the reason, GIMPLE used suffix with specified number after declaration 
	    of particular variable in main sorce code.

        2   Find the point in the CFG in  which the paths of the two assignments
            to variable `a'  and `b' merge. You will notice  that PHI statements
            have  been  introduced.  Can  you   guess  the  syntax  of  the  PHI
            statements?
	Ans.	  In compiler design, static single assignment is a property of an 
            intermediate representation (IR), which requires that each variable be assigned  
            exactly once, and every variable be defined before it is used. Sometimes, flow of 
            control makes it impossible to determine the most recent version of a variable. 
            In these cases, the compiler inserts an artificial definition for that variable  
            called PHI function or PHI node.So, PHI node is responsible for merging variable 
            assignments from different paths and declare the final assignment for particular 
            variable.In the GIMPLE code of above sorce code ,
            Statement        #a_1 = PHI <a-5(3), a_7(4)> 
            might be indicate that if block 3 is executed then used value stored at temporary 
            variable with local scope a_5 otherwise used value at a_7 as 4th block of code 
            is get executed. 

        3   Can you think of an example in which a PHI node merges more than two
            versions of a variable?

	Ans.	  PHI node must supports merging of variable assignments more than two
	    assignment. Because, if it not support the merging of more than two assignment 
	    then " switch case " used in C-Programming never be discovered. If we impliment 
	    switch case in our sorce code and make GIMPLE file of that , then we may see that
            PHI node merging concept is there for variavle assignment. 